["Hooray for Hollywood" plays]
[marching footsteps]
[people chattering]
I'm telling you,
I'm a big star on Disney+.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You don't seem to be one of us.
[laughs]
He gets in? He's not even wearing pants.
Welcome, Mr. Goofy.
Do you have a plus-one?
Nope, I can't even add plus one.
[laughs]
Oh, even Tink has a friend.
[laughs, moans]
-I'm with him.
-Gawrsh.
♪ You can't stop me ♪
[slurps]
[house music pounds]
Ow!
[quacking]
He's choking. Someone Heimlich him.
I'm not choking. Leave me alone.
[quacking]
[moans] Some days you just
don't feel like being goofy, you know?
-[cries]
-[people in club chattering]
I don't know if you're a cow or a dog,
but you're definitely a downer.
This party stinks.
Sorry, Grumpy.
I'm Happy. That's how bad this party is.
[both growling]
-You're--
-Now, wait just a minute.
I came here to collect my dad.
[droid chirps]
But I can see you need cheering up,
and nothing works better
than a good old Disney song.
[grumbling]
[birds chirping]
♪ Streaming's a dream for Disney ♪
♪ All content in one place ♪
[sucks]
♪ It's beamed all over the planet ♪
♪ And into outer space ♪
♪ If your kids are driving you crazy ♪
♪ Entrust them to the TV ♪
♪ You'll never find a sitter
For our low monthly fee ♪
♪ Disney+ for kids that are older ♪
♪ But best of all
For Disney stockholders ♪
♪ So let's all celebrate Disney+ ♪
♪ As it reaches year number two ♪
♪ As long as we have
Your credit card number ♪
♪ It will automatically renew ♪
♪ Renew, renew ♪
♪ Automatically renew ♪
[chattering]
["Mickey Mouse March" plays]
-It's the boss!
-He's here.
The big cheese.
♪ Who's the leader of the club
That's made for you and me? ♪
♪ M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E ♪
[high-pitched voice]
Hey, everybody. [laughs]
I can't believe
you're getting away with this.
Keep it up.
[high-pitched voice]
Party's over. Get back to work.
That's one tough mouse.
Come on, Goofy. Get over here. Now!
Aw, I wish I was your sidekick.
He's mine! [growls]
Goofy!
-[chattering]
-Shh!